The Joe Rogan experience. Joshua, you, you were talking about Kamala Harris,
and I think this might be a good time to talk about this because she might be
the vice presidential nominee. What,
what specifically did she do,
where there was someone who was innocent or someone who was
wrongfully convicted?
Let me give a caveat caveat is that I know I'll catch from some people that say
you have to do everything you can to make sure that Trump is not elected. Um,
and I will say that even, or even she's an improvement as vice-president,
um, if he does pick our anything's an improvement of my mind.
So with that caveat, we,
it would take this podcast and four more to go through.
She fiercely fought wrongful convictions and
was shamed by judges who,
when she was district attorney in San Francisco, what was the case? The gate,
the gauge case George gave the George gage case where her
prosecutors hit evidence. Um,
and they tried to protect once.
She knew that there was, um,
evidence that was withheld from defense attorneys.
Once she should have known, in my opinion, that people were innocent.
She tried to protect those convictions. Why?
Because she wanted to continue winning. She blocked DNA. She,
she went to great lengths to try to
block access to DNA for people that were accused of or convicted of felonies.
Think about it.
We're talking about a $12 DNA test to see if the biological material
from a crime, um,
that has been preserved is actually the defendant's right.
She blocked access to that.
I mean, how do you block access to something like that?
That seems like that should be a right? Yeah. It.
Seems like it should be a right,
but in a lot of states there's legislation that says you cannot get access to
it. And the rationale behind that is that it'll open up a flood gate of criminal
defendants asking for the biological evidence in their case to be tested.
Oh, that's the last thing we would want is more innocent people being freed.
So what was her justification for.
That? You know, when she's asked for her justification of it,
it's always been on a debate stage and she'll always default to,
I stand by my record as a prosecutor. And, um,
she's never had an explanation that I have ever seen. I don't know, Jason,
there was Jason and I were talking about this before we came on today because
there was a New York times piece by, um, her name is escaping me,
Lara basil and Leora basil on which if,
if any of your listeners want to listen to it or she goes into, you know,
exhaustive detail about specific cases and things that Kamala Harris
did and you know, the sad part about it. Yeah. That's it right there. York.
Times, Kamel Harris was not a progressive prosecutor.
Yeah. She was often on the wrong side of history. Um, well, and.
Is that the highlight? The marijuana one that you just.
Don't, she, she, she stood.
By criminalizing marijuana in this state.
Now listen,
what we can hope is that she's certainly been saying all the right things
lately. I don't know what to believe, to be honest,
she wants to be the president. Well, okay. Fair enough. I mean,
I like to believe that people are going to evolve and I hope that her viewpoints
have evolved now. She supports, um, legalization, uh, I believe,
but the fact is it's, it's impossible to ignore and I hope, I hope, uh,
Biden picked someone else personally, but you know, we'll see. Um,
and I don't mean picking anything. I will,
they're doing it for them at this point. Well, I'll support him no matter what,
uh, who he picks, uh, if he picks her.
So be it because I believe we're in an existential crisis and we need to, uh,
to see the results. Look at this. This is crazy. She.
Could have demanded DNA testing in Cooper's case.
Now Kevin Cooper is on death row. All right. You think about this could,
if they had denied DNA testing and Clemente's case,
he would have been either dead or still on death row.
What are we talking about here? We're talking about a test. She has constantly,
in case after case issue, after issue, and look,
the people that she hurts the most or people of color in this country,
because they make up, you know.
The big portion of disproportionate. And so it's, it's, it's kind of true.
Children think made me sick, awful.
She went after the parents of truant children and threatened them with jail
time. Imagine you're a single mom,
you're just doing your best to put food on the table.
You have to work two jobs and your,
your kids are understandably up and not going to school.
Cause there's no father around.
You know, how'd you, you know? Yeah. You know.
Devastating. This is, think about it this way,
because I can only think about it in real life. Examples. Okay. This is.
How there's enough of a show.
And a fight to get out. Even at look, I have a client in New York who is like,
and these people become like family to us. I mean,
he's adopted one of the exonerees is his daughter. Now, you know,
John Restivo was convicted of raping and murdering someone with two of his
friends. Two people that worked for him.
He is framed by a cop.
They take a hair from the victim and they planted in his moving truck. Oh,
Jesus Christ.
The way that they found out that it was planted is that when your hair
you're going to love this, right? When the hair is attached to the human head,
when you die,
there's a physiological phenomenon that happens called
post-mortem root banding,
where a band goes around the root of your hair. Okay.
And it happens after you've been dead.
The minimum four hours prosecution's theory is that he picks up this
girl, 16 year old girl, walking home from the roller rink with his two buddies,
throws her in a van. They rape her killer and dumper near a cemetery.
And it all happens in 45 minutes.
The way that they finally find out that he was framed is it's a moving
truck.
They searched his moving truck and they find hundreds of hairs because you
should, we all shed hair. They find one hair from the victim.
And it's pristine. It's the only pristine hair in the truck. No kinks on it.
No dirt, no debris. And there's a post-mortem root band around it,
which means they had to have taken it from the autopsy after four,
after four hours.
And we ended up finding out that the cop had access to the envelopes where the
autopsy was in any event,
John Restivo back to the DNA, the perpetrator.
And they had a lot of semen, a lot of biological material DNA.
He fought for years to get access to the DNA,
finally gets access to it.
They test the DNA and he's excluded.
And his two co-defendants are excluded. All right.
What the prosecutor does is they say, okay, well,
there must have been a fourth perpetrator. So they start testing.
And this is a process that till years they start five years,
they start testing every single known male associate of John Restivo,
Dennis Halstadt and John Kogut. And they can't. And it's only after that,
that he gets out,
he spent 18 years for a rape and murder.
He didn't commit he's, you know, I love him. He's like a,
like a brother to me now, but you know, he's destroyed. You.
Don't come back from it. What happens to someone like that?
Did they have any recourse? Is there anything that they can do.
Happy ending in that regard? In John's sorta, I was one of his,
one of the lawyers that represented him in his civil rights trial. Um,
he was awarded $18 million,
a million dollars for every year that he was incarcerated.
And, you know, to show you like what the lasting psychological damage.
So we got to go to a civil jury for civil rights violations against Nassau
county, which indemnified this cop that framed him.
And he got some closure that way to the extent that you can get any closure.
And we were outside waiting for the verdict outside of the courthouse and he's
smoking a cigarette and he put out the cigarette and he took a paper bag.
He took a plastic bag out of his pocket,
grabbed the bud and put it in the plastic bag and sealed it and put it in his
pocket. I said, John, what the are you doing? He said,
you think I'm going to let someone take my DNA and free me
again? You know? And I, you know, that's how bad it is.
So think about that in the context of Kamala Harris to block
access to DNA. Once you get the DNA,
you're still sometimes in a crazy uphill battle because there's prosecutors,
in my opinion, just like Kamala Harris,
the one-on-one that want to win and want to protect that conviction. Okay.